
The `Bucket` construct mirrors AWS CDK's [`Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)
construct, but enforces opinionated practices.

There are several ways a bucket may be declared. The recommended way is to simply use:

```
new Bucket(stack, 'BucketIdentifier', { });
```

If the `encryption` field is not specified, Bucket defaults to `s3.BucketEncryption.KMS_MANAGED`.
If `encryption` field is specified (or inferred) to be s3.BucketEncryption.KMS_MANAGED and an `encryptionKey` is not specified,
Bucket will create a new KMS key and use that for the bucket encryption. In that case, by default, the bucket will
not have read access for anyone (including "Admin" users). You will need to call `bucket.grantRead` with the desired Principal to allow
read access to the bucket. For example, to grant the "root user" access:

```
// Get stack reference
const stack = Stack.of(this);
// Grant read
bucket.grantRead(new iam.AccountPrincipal(stack.account));
```

Note that a customer managed KMS key is preferred for bucket storage by default. 
It is preferred as a threat actor with access to an AWS service or physical data at rest 
can potentially access customer content in a way the customer can neither prevent nor detect, 
which leads to information disclosure of customer content.
That said, KMS keys will result in additional costs and are not suitable to all use cases. If your use case requires a different server-side encryption,
you can set `encryption` to one of the other supported `s3.BucketEncryption` values.

### Features provided on top of S3 bucket
- SSE w/ customer managed KMS enabled by default.
- If no `encryptionKey` is specified, creates a KMS key.
- If KMS key encryption is specified (or inferred), use of SSE with kms to put objects in buckets enforced by default.
- Access logging enabled by default. 
- Versioning enabled by default. 
- SecureTransport required by default.
- Blocks all public access by default
- Keep non-current versions for 90 days only. 
- Keep access logs for 10 years.

Properties of BucketProps can be customized to opt-out of any of the above.
